sentence	homophoneA circus truck driver refused to tow the #lion.	lineA dentist has to tell a patient the whole #tooth.	truth"A handlebar mustache may look ridiculous, but symmetrical eyelashes are even #cilia."	sillierA man sprayed a boy with ceiling foam. He was arrested for #insulating behavior.	A man used money that he had inherited from his late father and put an addition on his house. It was an #heir extension.	A men's wear store has opening and #clothing times.	A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur: an #ambiance driver.	A pet store had a bird contest with no #perches necessary.	A pun is its own #reword.	A rubber band pistol was confiscated from algebra class because it was a weapon of #math disruption.	A thief who stole cutlery without leaving a clue was called the 'stainless #stealer.'	"After getting pranked by his friends and getting hit with a basket, Aron knew they had a #wickerd sense of humour."	Aliens are lovable because they're so #spatial.	An astronaut gets to take a Turn as a #whirled traveler.	"As a young boy, Brutus' mother often cautioned him not to run with #Caesars."	Astronauts like to do #launch.	At a flower show the first prize is often a #bloom ribbon.	"At a pet store: 'buy one dog, get one #flea'."	Be kind to your dentist because he has #fillings too.	"Before the revolution, Russia was in a Tsary state."	"Bell, Bark and Kennel, a novel by Ivan Pavlov, chronicles the birth of the Salivation Army."	Dentists don't like a hard day at the orifice.	Dentists have their own flossify on how to keep teeth clean.	"Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest, she still had hope that someone would brail her out."	"Even though he contributes either the X or Y chromosome, when a father chooses the sex of his child it's just a sperm of the moment decision."	For children to eat without washing their hands would be a grime.	Grandparents faces are full of epoch marks.	Having children is a heir raising experience.	He labored so hard that he worked his fingers to the bonus.	I bought me some of those new paper shirts. I don't like them - they're tearable.	I just had some coffee that was good only for its sedimental value.	"I just offered someone a job and they accepted, so I offered him my contractulations."	I keep reading 'The Lord of the Rings' over and over. I guess it's just force of hobbit.	I like the latest horror movie so much that I've arranged a private screaming.	I like to stay current with the electrifying adventures of Sherlock ohms.	I need to do my philosophy homework but I just Kant.	If a barista is not allowed to make espresso she will lose her tamper.	If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you'll be latte for work.	If you write bad things about me I am libel to sue you.	"In the novel, there is an unexpected secret meeting of the lovers. It is a plot tryst."	Inflammatory talk is often seen as propane language.	"John plans to retire in the spring and, like the trees around us, will be leafing."	"Just in time for Thanksgiving a blockbuster movie about sweet potatoes, 'The Silence of the Yams'."	"Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been tolkien in my sleep."	Many people are strongly attracted to a magnate.	Many people think that Edgar Allan Poe was a raven madman.	"My battery had an alkaline problem, so it went to AA meetings."	My boss does not tolerate any beards or mustaches. He is a real shave driver.	My heart starts aiken when Clay sings.	My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.	My two uncles bet who would get married first. Then one upped the ante.	New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia.	On organic farms they till it like it is.	"One real estate agent said to another, ""House it going?"""	People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on Eire.	People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of alp.	Scarecrows are always garden their patch.	Selling coffee has its perks for those who have bean so lucky.	Should old people feel youthless?	"Sign on a broken perfume bottle, ""Out of odor""."	Sign: 'Please turn out the lights. Thanks a watt.'	Some childen are often on their pest behavior.	Some people have to get up for work at the crank of dawn.	Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer jet leg.	Teaching your kids in the heat of the moment is bad heir conditioning.	Ten years without brushing causes horrible tooth decade.	The actor was never quite right after he retired. He had Post Dramatic Stress Disorder.	The author wasn't pleased to see a review of his book on cappuccino's. It said it was all froth and no substance.	The building inspector said whoever installed the water pipes was plumb loco.	The English Teacher felt odd after being fired: it was post grammatic stress disorder.	The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment.	The haughty magician had illusions of grandeur.	The Irish should be rich because their capital is always Dublin.	The optical scientist who stole his colleague's bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prism.	The plumber explained that the problem in my kitchen was just water under the fridge.	The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain.	The recent windstorm through the trees was an absolute debarkle.	The robber baron was a commander-in-thief.	The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year's revolution.	The twin girls rented flora to offices. They called their business 'Sisterhood of the Traveling Plants'.	There is some Confucion about the oldest religion in China.	There was a dentist who was convicted of incisor trading.	They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City. The newspapers called them 'Criminal Mimes.'	Tinker Bell was arrested for being suspiciously high. But in the end she was only fined for glittering.	To become a pilot requires a good altitude.	To some Christmas is about other people's presence.	Two crooks bought a hotel. They were innmates.	Vampires are always looking for their necks victim.	What does a storm-cloud wear under it's coat . . . . Thunderwear!	What does a villain call his silverware? Weapons of mass digestion.	What would be the brand name of the highest quality copy paper money could buy? The ream of the crop!	What you seize is what you get.	"When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an author they couldn't refuse."	"When the crop was destroyed, there was no more cranberry source."	When you use glue in class it paste to be careful.	Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to espresso themselves.	Will this computer last five years? Obsoletely!	Women who wear $200.00 perfume obviously are known to have no common scents.	