sentence
A circus truck driver refused to tow the lion.
A dentist has to tell a patient the whole tooth.
"A handlebar mustache may look ridiculous, but symmetrical eyelashes are even cilia."
A man used money that he had inherited from his late father and put an addition on his house. It was an heir extension.
A men's wear store has opening and clothing times.
A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur: an ambiance driver.
A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary.
A pun is its own reword.
A rubber band pistol was confiscated from algebra class because it was a weapon of math disruption.
A thief who stole cutlery without leaving a clue was called the 'stainless stealer.'
"After getting pranked by his friends and getting hit with a basket, Aron knew they had a wicker sense of humor."
Aliens are lovable because they're so spatial.
An astronaut gets to take a turn as a whirled traveler.
"As a young boy, Brutus' mother often cautioned him not to run with Caesars."
Astronauts like to do launch.
At a flower show the first prize is often a bloom ribbon.
"At a pet store: 'buy one dog, get one flea'."
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too.
"Bell, Bark and Kennel, a novel by Ivan Pavlov, chronicles the birth of the Salivation Army."
Dentists don't like a hard day at the orifice.
"Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest, she still had hope that someone would braille her out."
"Even though he contributes either the X or Y chromosome, when a father chooses the sex of his child it's just a sperm of the moment decision."
For children to eat without washing their hands would be a grime.
Grandparents faces are full of epoch marks.
He labored so hard that he worked his fingers to the bonus.
I keep reading 'The Lord of the Rings' over and over. I guess it's just force of hobbit.
I like the latest horror movie so much that I've arranged a private screaming.
I like to stay current with the electrifying adventures of Sherlock ohms.
I need to do my philosophy homework but I just Kant.
If a barista is not allowed to make espresso she will lose her tamper.
If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you'll be latte for work.
If you write bad things about me I am libel to sue you.
"In the novel, there is an unexpected secret meeting of the lovers. It is a plot tryst."
Inflammatory talk is often seen as propane language.
"John plans to retire in the spring and, like the trees around us, will be leafing."
"Just in time for Thanksgiving: a blockbuster movie about sweet potatoes, called 'The Silence of the Yams'."
"Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been Tolkien in my sleep."
Many people are strongly attracted to a magnate.
Many people think that Edgar Allan Poe was a raven madman.
"My battery had an alkaline problem, so it went to AA meetings."
My boss does not tolerate any beards or mustaches. He is a real shave driver.
My heart starts Aiken when Clay sings.
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.
My two uncles bet who would get married first. Then one upped the auntie.
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia.
On organic farms they till it like it is.
"One real estate agent said to another, House it going?"
People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on Eire.
People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of Alp.
Scarecrows are always garden their patch.
Selling coffee has its perks for those who have bean so lucky.
"Sign on a broken perfume bottle, Out of odor."
Sign: 'Please turn out the lights. Thanks a watt.'
Some children are often on their pest behavior.
Some people have to get up for work at the crank of dawn.
Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer jet leg.
Ten years without brushing causes horrible tooth decade.
The actor was never quite right after he retired. He had Post Dramatic Stress Disorder.
The English Teacher felt odd after being fired: it was post grammatic stress disorder.
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment.
The Irish should be rich because their capital is always Dublin.
The optical scientist who stole his colleague's bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prism.
The plumber explained that the problem in my kitchen was just water under the fridge.
The robber baron was a commander in thief.
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year's revolution.
The twin girls rented flora to offices. They called their business 'Sisterhood of the Traveling Plants'.
There was a dentist who was convicted of incisor trading.
They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City. The newspapers called them 'Criminal Mimes.'
Tinker Bell was arrested for being suspiciously high. But in the end she was only fined for glittering.
To become a pilot requires a good altitude.
To some Christmas is about other people's presence.
Vampires are always looking for their necks victim.
What does a villain call his silverware? Weapons of mass digestion.
What would be the brand name of the highest quality copy paper money could buy? The ream of the crop!
What you seize is what you get.
"When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an author they couldn't refuse."
"When the crop was destroyed, there was no more cranberry source."
When you use glue in class it paste to be careful.
Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to espresso themselves.
Women who wear $200.00 perfume obviously are known to have no common scents.
A circus truck driver refused to tow the line.
A dentist has to tell a patient the whole truth.
"A handlebar mustache may look ridiculous, but symmetrical eyelashes are even sillier."
A man used money that he had inherited from his late father and put an addition on his house. It was an hair extension.
A men's wear store has opening and closing times.
A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur: an ambulance driver.
A pet store had a bird contest with no purchase necessary.
A pun is its own reward.
A rubber band pistol was confiscated from algebra class because it was a weapon of mass disruption.
A thief who stole cutlery without leaving a clue was called the 'stainless steeler.'
"After getting pranked by his friends and getting hit with a basket, Aron knew they had a wicked sense of humor."
Aliens are lovable because they're so special.
An astronaut gets to take a turn as a world traveler.
"As a young boy, Brutus' mother often cautioned him not to run with scissors."
Astronauts like to do lunch.
At a flower show the first prize is often a blue ribbon.
"At a pet store: 'buy one dog, get one free'."
Be kind to your dentist because he has feelings too.
"Bell, Bark and Kennel, a novel by Ivan Pavlov, chronicles the birth of the Salvation Army."
Dentists don't like a hard day at the office.
"Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest, she still had hope that someone would bail her out."
"Even though he contributes either the X or Y chromosome, when a father chooses the sex of his child it's just a spur of the moment decision."
For children to eat without washing their hands would be a crime.
Grandparents faces are full of pock marks.
He labored so hard that he worked his fingers to the bones.
I keep reading 'The Lord of the Rings' over and over. I guess it's just force of habit.
I like the latest horror movie so much that I've arranged a private screening.
I like to stay current with the electrifying adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
I need to do my philosophy homework but I just can't.
If a barista is not allowed to make espresso she will lose her temper.
If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you'll be late for work.
If you write bad things about me I am liable to sue you.
"In the novel, there is an unexpected secret meeting of the lovers. It is a plot twist."
Inflammatory talk is often seen as profane language.
"John plans to retire in the spring and, like the trees around us, will be leaving."
"Just in time for Thanksgiving: a blockbuster movie about sweet potatoes, called 'The Silence of the Lambs'."
"Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been talking in my sleep."
Many people are strongly attracted to a magnet.
Many people think that Edgar Allan Poe was a raving madman.
"My battery had an alcohol problem, so it went to AA meetings."
My boss does not tolerate any beards or mustaches. He is a real slave driver.
My heart starts aching when Clay sings.
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irritation to me.
My two uncles bet who would get married first. Then one upped the ante.
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the future.
On organic farms they tell it like it is.
"One real estate agent said to another, How's it going?"
People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on fire.
People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of help.
Scarecrows are always guarding their patch.
Selling coffee has its perks for those who have been so lucky.
"Sign on a broken perfume bottle, Out of order."
Sign: 'Please turn out the lights. Thanks a lot.'
Some children are often on their best behavior.
Some people have to get up for work at the crack of dawn.
Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer jet lag.
Ten years without brushing causes horrible tooth decay.
The actor was never quite right after he retired. He had Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
The English Teacher felt odd after being fired: it was post traumatic stress disorder.
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hostile environment.
The Irish should be rich because their capital is always doubling.
The optical scientist who stole his colleague's bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prison.
The plumber explained that the problem in my kitchen was just water under the bridge.
The robber baron was a commander in chief.
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year's resolution.
The twin girls rented flora to offices. They called their business 'Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants'.
There was a dentist who was convicted of insider trading.
They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City. The newspapers called them 'Criminal minds.'
Tinker Bell was arrested for being suspiciously high. But in the end she was only fined for littering.
To become a pilot requires a good attitude.
To some Christmas is about other people's presents.
Vampires are always looking for their next victim.
What does a villain call his silverware? Weapons of mass destruction.
What would be the brand name of the highest quality copy paper money could buy? The cream of the crop!
What you see is what you get.
"When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an offer they couldn't refuse."
"When the crop was destroyed, there was no more cranberry sauce."
When you use glue in class it pays to be careful.
Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to express themselves.
Women who wear $200.00 perfume obviously are known to have no common sense.
The owner takes the lion's share of profits from the company.
A dentist examines one tooth at a time.
Cilia are hairlike projections on the surface of some cells.
Prince William is heir to the British throne.
Food and clothing are basic necessities.
The ambiance in that hotel is one of warmth and charm.
Pigeons use the sunny sides of roofs as perches.
"The mayor reworded his speech, because his advisors told him to do so."
I have a math exam today at school.
He is a stealer of hearts.
That chair is made of wicker.
She has good spatial skills; she knows how to build a house from plans on paper.
Dancers whirled on the stage.
The owner behaves like a little Caesar with his employees.
The space launch took place this morning.
Our apple tree was in bloom last week.
His dog has fleas.
The dentist replaced two fillings I had lost.
The dog's salivation was all over the carpet.
The mouth is an orifice.
He reads braille with his fingertips.
He decided to donate his sperm.
The city's buildings are covered with grime.
The end of the nuclear arms race began a new epoch of peace and cooperation.
Our company pays everyone a bonus at the end of the year.
My favorite creatures in Lord of the Rings are hobbits.
She started screaming when the man pulled out a knife.
Ohms are used to measure electrical resistance.
Kant was a German philosopher.
The barista used a tamper to press down the coffee.
I like a latte in the morning to wake me up.
The tabloid newspaper libeled a movie star.
The lovers go away to the country for weekend trysts.
He burns propane gas in his stove.
He saw her leafing through the pages of an old book.
Some people eat yams with their turkey.
Tolkien wrote Lord of the Rings.
She is a coal and iron magnate from Australia.
A raven is a large black bird.
He tried out an alkaline diet to maintain the body's ideal pH balance.
Your beard is growing too long; you need a shave.
Clay Aiken rose to fame after he won American Idol. 
Irrigation is the artificial application of water to the land or soil
My Auntie Betty is my mother's sister.
Her favorite flower is the fuchsia.
Farmers till the soil in the springtime.
Our house is located on the corner.
Eire is a former name for the Republic of Ireland.
An alp is a very high mountain.
We have a small flower garden behind our house.
I like to eat lima beans and black beans.
The odor of old fish filled the air.
My desk lamp uses a 60-watt light bulb.
"Rats, mice, and flies are regarded as pests."
He is often a crank in the morning.
Runners need strong legs.
A decade is a pretty long time.
He has written dramatic works for the stage.
That sentence has an unusual grammatic structure.
The hosta is a beautiful plant.
Dublin is the capital of Ireland.
Prisms can be used to reflect and split light.
I put the milk and meat in the fridge.
A thief stole my luggage at the airport.
The Industrial Revolution changed how people worked and lived.
Humans and animals could not live without plants.
Rats tore into the meat with their strong incisors.
The mimes were very skilled at imitating people.
Her jewels were glittering in the sun.
"Our airplane is flying at an altitude of 35,000 feet."
The general has great presence.
She wore a scarf around her neck.
She has good digestion; she can eat anything!
Our office uses 20 reams of paper each week.
I seized his arm so he couldn't run away.
Cervantes is one of the most famous authors in the Spanish language.
The source of our difficulties is not having enough money.
She used paste to put pictures in her notebook.
I like an espresso after dinner.
The scent of flowers relaxes me.
My notebook has thin blue lines printed on each page.
She always speaks the truth.
"When he drinks wine, he starts acting sillier."
I found a cat hair in my food.
The chairman made some closing remarks at the end of the meeting.
An ambulance came to the car accident in two minutes.
She decided to purchase a new car.
She gave herself a reward for working hard all year.
A mass of people were in the town square for the concert.
A steeler is something that is covered in steel.
A wicked man took the child from his parents.
A birthday party is a special occasion.
It is possible to fly around the world in an airplane.
Hairdressers use scissors to cut people's hair.
I had a sandwich for lunch.
Blue and yellow make green.
"After twenty years in prison, he was a free man."
Her strong criticism hurt her daughter's feelings.
The minister prayed for the evil woman's salvation.
His office is in a skyscraper.
"He posted $5,000 bail for his brother's release from jail."
The boss called his workers together on the spur of the moment.
"The police fight crime, murder, theft, and drug dealing."
Smallpox left him with many pock marks.
Our bones give us our shape.
Smoking is a bad habit.
They went to the movie screening together.
I really like reading Sherlock Holmes books.
I can't remember the last time that happened.
He has a bad temper and is easily angered.
She was late for our meeting.
Rental contracts state that tenants are liable for damages that they cause to the property.
I twisted two pieces of thread on a needle.
That man uses profane language.
He is leaving work right now.
The family had roast leg of lamb for dinner.
I was talking to my friend the whole time.
I have a magnet on my desk that holds paper clips.
A raving mad man frightened those near him.
Alcohol burns easily.
The boss told us to work late on a holiday; he is a slave driver.
My back is aching from too much sitting.
He tried to hide his irritationbut it showed on his face.
"We made an offer to buy a house, but the owner upped the ante."
No one knows what will happen in the future.
She tells a story to her child each night.
He asked her how's everything going.
We sat around the fire to keep warm.
I gave my friend some help with her homework.
The dog was just guarding his house; he didn't mean to scare you.
It has been a long time since we saw each other.
She arranged the newspapers in order by their dates.
He decided to leave his car in the parking lot.
She is the best student in the class.
That drinking glass has a crack in it.
"There was a lag in communications, so he did not hear the news until many days later."
Tooth decay can result from poor dental hygiene.
The car accident was a very traumatic experience for her.
That traumatic incident left her scarred.
That driver has a hostile attitude.
The amount that her business makes is always doubling every year.
He was sent to prison for robbing a bank.
Trains go across a bridge over the river.
The leader of a Native American tribe is known as the chief.
Everyone admired his resolution when he quit smoking.
"Her legs were cold, so she put on a pair of pants."
Insider trading can get you into a lot of trouble.
Great minds think alike.
She was caught littering and had to pay a fine.
She has a good attitude toward work
He couldn't wait to open his Christmas presents.
"The next time that you're late, you'll be in trouble."
A hurricane causes great destruction to buildings and trees.
Butter is made from cream.
He was able to see clearly after getting glasses.
They are very considerate and always offer to give me a ride.
I love to eat chocolate sauce on vanilla ice cream.
That company pays its employees every two weeks.
She should learn to express her feelings better.
He has a good sense for business.
the owner takes the line's share of profits from the company.
a dentist examines one truth at a time.
sillier are hairlike projections on the surface of some cells.
prince william is hair to the british throne.
food and closing are basic necessities.
the ambulance in that hotel is one of warmth and charm.
pigeons use the sunny sides of roofs as purchase.
"the mayor rewarded his speech, because his advisors told him to do so."
i have a mass exam today at school.
he is a steeler of hearts.
that chair is made of wicked.
she has good special skills; she knows how to build a house from plans on paper.
dancers world on the stage.
the owner behaves like a little caesar with his employees.
the space lunch took place this morning.
our apple tree was in blue last week.
his dog has frees.
the dentist replaced two feelings i had lost.
the dog's salvation was all over the carpet.
the mouth is an office.
he reads bail with his fingertips.
he decided to donate his spur.
the city's buildings are covered with crime.
the end of the nuclear arms race began a new pock of peace and cooperation.
our company pays everyone a bones at the end of the year.
my favorite creatures in lord of the rings are habits.
she started screening when the man pulled out a knife.
holmes are used to measure electrical resistance.
can't was a german philosopher.
the barista used a temper to press down the coffee.
i like a late in the morning to wake me up.
the tabloid newspaper liableed a movie star.
the lovers go away to the country for weekend twists.
he burns profane gas in his stove.
he saw her leaving through the pages of an old book.
some people eat lambs with their turkey.
talking wrote lord of the rings.
she is a coal and iron magnet from australia.
a raving is a large black bird.
he tried out an alcohol diet to maintain the body's ideal ph balance.
your beard is growing too long; you need a slave.
clay aching rose to fame after he won american idol. 
irritation is the artificial application of water to the land or soil.
my ante betty is my mother's sister.
her favorite flower is the future.
farmers tell the soil in the springtime.
our how's is located on the corner.
fire is a former name for the republic of ireland.
an help is a very high mountain.
we have a small flower guarding behind our house.
i like to eat lima beens and black beens.
the order of old fish filled the air.
my desk lamp uses a 60-lot light bulb.
"rats, mice, and flies are regarded as bests."
he is often a crack in the morning.
runners need strong lags.
a decay is a pretty long time.
he has written traumatic works for the stage.
that sentence has an unusual traumatic structure.
the hostile is a beautiful plant.
doubling is the capital of ireland.
prisons can be used to reflect and split light.
i put the milk and meat in the bridge.
a chief stole my luggage at the airport.
the industrial resolution changed how people worked and lived.
humans and animals could not live without pants.
rats tore into the meat with their strong insiders.
the minds were very skilled at imitating people.
her jewels were littering in the sun.
"our airplane is flying at an attitude of 35,000 feet."
the general has great presents.
she wore a scarf around her neck.
she has good destruction; she can eat anything!
our office uses 20 creams of paper each week.
i seed his arm so he couldn't run away.
cervantes is one of the most famous offers in the spanish language.
the sauce of our difficulties is not having enough money.
she used pays to put pictures in her notebook.
i like an express after dinner.
the scent of flowers relaxes me.
my notebook has thin blue lions printed on each page.
she always speaks the tooth.
"when he drinks wine, he starts acting cilia."
i found a cat heir in my food.
the chairman made some clothing remarks at the end of the meeting.
an ambiance came to the car accident in two minutes.
she decided to perches a new car.
she gave herself a reword for working hard all year.
a math of people were in the town square for the concert.
a stealer is something that is covered in steel.
a wicker man took the child from his parents.
a birthday party is a spatial occasion.
it is possible to fly around the whirled in an airplane.
hairdressers use caesars to cut people's hair.
i had a sandwich for launch.
bloom and yellow make green.
"after twenty years in prison, he was a flea man."
her strong criticism hurt her daughter's fillings.
the minister prayed for the evil woman's salivation.
his orifice is in a skyscraper.
"he posted $5,000 braille for his brother's release from jail."
the boss called his workers together on the sperm of the moment.
"the police fight grime, murder, theft, and drug dealing."
smallpox left him with many epoch marks.
our bonus give us our shape.
smoking is a bad hobbit.
they went to the movie screaming together.
i really like reading sherlock ohms books.
i kant remember the last time that happened.
he has a bad tamper and is easily angered.
she was latte for our meeting.
rental contracts state that tenants are libel for damages that they cause to the property.
i trysted two pieces of thread on a needle.
that man uses propane language.
he is leafing work right now.
the family had roast leg of lamb for dinner.
i was tolkien to my friend the whole time.
i have a magnate on my desk that holds paper clips.
a raven mad man frightened those near him.
alkaline burns easily.
the boss told us to work late on a holiday; he is a shave driver.
my back is aiken from too much sitting.
he tried to hide his irrigation but it showed on his face.
"we made an offer to buy a house, but the owner upped the auntie."
no one knows what will happen in the fuchsia.
she tills a story to her child each night.
he asked her house everything going.
we sat around the eire to keep warm.
i gave my friend some alp with her homework.
the dog was just garden his house; he didn't mean to scare you.
it has bean a long time since we saw each other.
she arranged the newspapers in odor by their dates.
he decided to leave his car in the parking watt.
she is the pest student in the class.
that drinking glass has a crank in it.
"there was a leg in communications, so he did not hear the news until many days later."
tooth decade can result from poor dental hygiene.
the car accident was a very dramatic experience for her.
that grammatic incident left her scarred.
that driver has a hosta attitude.
the amount that her business makes is always dublin every year.
he was sent to prism for robbing a bank.
trains go across a fridge over the river.
the leader of a native american tribe is known as the thief.
everyone admired his revolution when he quit smoking.
"her legs were cold, so she put on a pair of plants."
incisor trading can get you into a lot of trouble.
great mimes think alike.
she was caught glittering and had to pay a fine.
she has a good altitude toward work
he couldn't wait to open his christmas presence.
"the necks time that you're late, you'll be in trouble."
a hurricane causes great digestion to buildings and trees.
butter is made from ream.
he was able to seize clearly after getting glasses.
they are very considerate and always author to give me a ride.
i love to eat chocolate source on vanilla ice cream.
that company paste its employees every two weeks.
she should learn to espresso her feelings better.
he has a good scents for business.